so hey it's me Destin welcome to smarter
every day
I do it YouTube show okay well it's so
cool yeah
Webster
we're here with yo.hannes uh roommate
and friend yeah and we are going to I
don't condone smoking ever
however yo.hannes roommate smokes and
we're going to light her cigarette with
a high-powered laser because we because
we can really goggle up
the professionals here so are you ready
everyone have you goggles yeah
what okay you come to this side okay yep
hold on are you powering up let me step
over the beam there now what would he do
okay yeah what do you like a hyphenate
okay see ya at high power instead of it
hope you sir are you yeah outfit yeah
see is user D a fish yeah we're gonna
we're gonna been louder nice yeah there
you go
we're gonna play huh
there you go no man
smokey he's wrong did it work yeah all
right there you have it that's how a
physicist and engineer light cigarettes
that they don't smoke in the Netherlands
thumbs up yo go on this is wicked City
roadblock
yes yeah it's hard to adjust the focus
ring and saying that hold the goggles
please
there we go Hollander the Netherlands ah
I see just both really yeah I usually
say tune Evanescence
for selling brand Holland yes
you